Precise the certificate naming convention mechanism in the compatibility document (#8652)
certbot/certbot: certbot/docs/compatibility.rst

considered stable with certain files but not all. Files with which users should
expect Certbot to maintain its current behavior with are:

* ``/etc/letsencrypt/live/$domain/{cert,chain,fullchain,privkey}.pem``, where

>   ``$domain`` is the certificate name (see
>   `Certbot user guide <https://certbot.eff.org/docs/using.html#where-are-my-certificates>`_

Reviewer: To avoid the absolute link, maybe:

```suggestion
  ``$domain`` is the certificate name (see :ref:`where-certs`
```

Author: I missed this anchor mechanism. Thanks!
